Make schema loader beta (#6011)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/serializing-xml-schemas.md

The second option utilizes two interfaces from the [@xmldom/xmldom](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@xmldom/xmldom)
package. Both options will be covered here.

## SchemaXml in @itwin/ecschema-locaters

> The SchemaXml class in the [@itwin/ecschema-locaters](https://www.itwinjs.org/reference/ecschema-locaters) package
> contains the 'writeFile' method. This method takes the EC Schema instance and a path to the file to create. The
> SchemaXml.writeFile method is asynchronous, requiring the 'await' keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SchemaXml.writeFile]($ecschema-locaters) method takes the EC Schema instance and serializes it to a specified location on disk. Note: this method is `async`, requiring the caller to `await` it.
```
doc links, backticks.

```ts
[[include:Serialize_Schema_To_XML_Write]]
```

## Schemas from an iModel

> First use the SchemaLoader from the [@itwin/ecschema-metadata](https://www.itwinjs.org/reference/ecschema-metadata/) package to create a SchemaContextEditor that knows about the schemas in the iModel

Reviewer: `SchemaContextEditor` is `alpha` - it shouldn't appear in documentation or example code.

Author: It was already used in the samples and we are finally getting started working on it again and getting some people to prototype with it so I'd like to leave the references in there with the knowledge that we will probably bring it up to beta once we have a bit more work done and a bit more feedback on it

Reviewer: Please promote it ASAP, broken links in docs are bad.
